the people who succeed the people who
will survive this crisis are the ones
that simply acknowledge what's happening
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you the very first thing
we've got to do is pay attention to
what's right in front of our nose but we
choose to ignore it we put our heads in
the sand and of course we are blindsided
by it when it comes what am I talking
about number one with so much debt and
the way that has been accumulating over
the years is not to be ignored it must
be come front and center we're being
told we're being sold a story that that
debt is going to be wiped out by
inflation but let me tell you you've got
other problems to worry about if you
search or talk to the people who deal
with high inflation very high inflation
their world isn't so fantastic oh
because the inflation took care of my
problems it doesn't work like that it is
chaos when it happens hyperinflation has
existed two times before in the United
States when you look at it around the
world you can see there are many
instances of it look at the facts
Argentina dealing with it right now
you've got other countries as well
they're not saying hey I'm I'm all good
because my student loans are gone no no
that is not the case I'm going to talk
to you about what's happening and how
your life will be Consolidated to less
and less and less and you will own
nothing and be happy you've heard that
one before and I'm going to show you
today what you need to know beginning
with this as many as of 28% of Americans
have nothing saved for their retirement
39% aren't contributing to a retirement
of fund and another 30% don't think that
they'll ever be able to retire now we
have some big issues here because people
don't save money they don't have a rainy
day fund part of that could be you know
you could argue it's just bad planning
people don't have the financial
education and that is the case for a lot
of people there's no question about that
but stuff is so expensive things
everyday things are becoming so
expensive to a level that people are
saying I can't have that or if I want to
have it I'm going to have to buy it on a
credit card I'm going to have to use buy
now pay later and of course we extend
ourselves a little bit further but
there's a problem here people are
stretched to the maximum yes there will
be more and more in that sense because
there's a new way to borrow coming
there's always something new but that's
going to really push people to where
they simply hit that ceiling there of
course is a ceiling now what we are
finding is that the middle class and
then we go into the upper middle class
this group of people no longer has the
disposable income that they used to
they're trying to keep up with the
Kardashians they're buying all the fancy
cars they're buying all the things that
they were in the previous years and they
want to keep up with that lifesty but
it's strangling them how do I know this
well I can look at all the different
forms of debt all of them are up I can
look at the fact that people are tapping
into their homes their home equity like
an ATM we are seeing that as well and of
course A lot of people are simply uh
maintaining a facade to appear that they
are doing well but for many they are not
and I know this as a fact because I
speak to the people because I see the
data as well and a total evidence as
well as the hard data coming through and
I see it time and time again I am
absolutely on fire right now because I
need to get this through to you we've
only scratched the service check this
out two years after the Federal Reserve
began hiking interest rates to tame
prices the linqu rates on credit cards
and auto loans are the highest in more
than a decade for the first time on
record interest payments on those and
other non-mortgage debts are as big of a
financial burden for us households as
mortgage interest payments it's not the
mortgages everybody you got to stop
looking there people are thinking ah you
know it's not the financial crisis it's
not the housing crisis no this is not
the same scenario people have other
forms of debt that are a big concern
auto loans my goodness have you seen the
prices that people pay for their cars
for their cars it's
incredible and to see how far they
stretch it out it's not something you
pay off in 2 or 3 years oh no not even
close they're paying it off in six years
seven years eight years what's going on
oh why because they want that to that
payment oh I can afford whatever it is
$800 a month so we just stretch that out
we just stretch it out oh no worries
right of course there is a worry and
people right now are dealing with these
high borrowing costs and that is
effectively strangling them and they are
dealing with a big crisis that will
fundamentally change their lives from
now on and this is not a problem for
just the youngest of generations who
we'll talk about in a second but it's
for everybody 47% of parents still
financially support their adult children
study fins um this is an issue of course
not not because you know if the parents
help or what have you that's that's okay
what they can do whatever they want
people should be able to do whatever
they want parents children they should
make those decisions and that's it the
problem here is that what what we're
finding is there's absolutely no way
that a child coming out of university
college or just coming out of let's say
high school there's no possible way that
they can afford rent or afford a house
it's it's not possible okay and so what
do they have to do well they can get a
job well what kind of jobs are they
going to get well they're going to get
the absolute minimum that minimum wage
is still not enough to afford rent in
most major cities and that's actually
getting worse so even if they increase
the minimum wage by a dollar $2 $3 $4
whatever it is it's still not going to
be enough to afford the average rent in
the average city so we have a
fundamental problem that cannot be
overturn turned so what are we going to
do we are going to see the things that
we have in our lives the basics they are
going to um you know the things that
we're used to we're going to see them
slashed we're going to see the level of
care that we have being taken away we
are going to witness a drastic decline
in our living standards and I tell you
this because if you're unwilling to
listen you are unprepared pred and that
is a very dangerous
circumstance look at this gen Z and the
end of work has We Know It This is
brought to you by your friends at the
world economic Forum uh klus Schwab
wants you to know that you will own
nothing and be happy and what they
basically say is Gen Z doesn't want to
have a corporate job gen Z wants to do
their own thing I believe though that
the circumstances we're in today uh it's
good if they don't want to be pushed
around don't be a pushover hey if the
boss wants you to do this and that and
you say you know what I ain't having it
that's okay but we got to realize
something that the very hardworking
people are the ones who ultimately uh
get what they want from life now you
could be that hardworking person and say
no to certain things that's good it's
okay to say no that's a strong willed
person but we've got to watch what we're
doing and not just say you know I'm
going to wait for the world to you know
come to me I'm going to wait to be
recognized that that's not the way to do
it okay you need to realize that there
is a small group of people in control of
the Assets in control of basically
everything in our lives and they are
actively trying to make sure that you
cannot ever get anywhere in your life so
watch out and prepare accordingly this
is the story you're going to have to
deal with this now this is just example
co- living what is that well I'll just
show you this if you haven't seen it
before uh for instance okay you could
look at this Midtown luxury apartment
near Time Square okay so if I click on
that it says uh from $2,400 a month I'm
going to click on that I hope you can
see this and it's U it's an apartment
right uh but it's just one thing so it
says there's five bedrooms and two baths
but there's something else here five
residents you see that oh oh that's
that's right you'll be sharing a home
with other people that you don't know
and that might be okay for some people
but understand something you are paying
2400 and that's sharing a bathroom if
you don't want that sharing a bathroom
uh one unit in this place was
$3500 and you get your own private
bathroom wow $
3500 and you get a private
bathroom you're sharing all the other
services okay so you got a bedroom you
got a bathroom
that's about it now this tells us where
we are heading now this is New York of
course extreme example but that's going
on in a lot of different places students
are refusing to pay back their loans
when payment PA ends of course this was
from last year but the fact is that
people have way too much debt and they
simply cannot pay it back that debt will
burden them there's no question about it
certain things you just can't walk away
from and that is becoming an issue for
millions and millions of people some
people as they say here prepping for
disaster diversifies as more Americans
lose trust different types of prepping
of course but people are doing whatever
they can to get around the circumstances
that they are in this is a problem that
we have seen widespread the issues of
things being too expensive rent uh you
know wages is not keeping up inflation
being an issue that's in Canada
us like pretty much everywhere okay name
a name a spot it's a problem okay there
are areas that are you know better than
others and what have you but this is a
thing that's not going to be overturned
your living standards are declining from
2020 up until now they have declined
right this is a broad you know a broadly
I'm speaking but for the most part
people have seen living standards
Decline and they're not going to get
better there's not this magical you're
being sold as BS by some of these
YouTubers out there that are telling you
just wait for the right moment because
everything's going to come down it's
going to crash by 80% you're going to go
in there because I'm going to tell you
because you bought my course that uh
yeah you know you're going to come in at
that perfect moment everything's going
to be by the way everything's going to
be totally fine for you you just need to
hit the switch at the right moment
there's in the dream telling you that
you're going to do okay no the
conditions will get worse year after
year after year unless something magical
unless a miracle occurs and I'm not
holding my breath so what I'm telling
everybody to do is get wise to the
circumstances okay try to do what they
can to put money aside for that rainy
day because we know it's coming pay down
any bad debt that you have at the same
time we need to start preparing in every
way we possibly can I told people in
2020 lock in your Energy prices if you
can the people that did that reported
back to me at a later date and said you
literally allowed me to you your advice
allowed me to make it through that
winter because I was able to lock it
through or else I would have been
screwed over I I love those comments and
I love hearing from you there are so
many things that you can do I've got a
whole playlist how to and solutions but
you want to get to me directly two hours
two hours every single Friday and two
hours every single Sunday live
if you want to be one of those the
growing group of people on my uh
sessions that I have I would ask you to
click that link down in the description
and get a hold of me directly as always
hit that thumbs up button to support the
channel when you do that you signal to
the algorithms this guy's got some good
stuff and of course see you tomorrow
take care